[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### IsRebarConstrainedPlacementEnabled Property

---



|  |
| --- |
| [RebarConstraintsManager Class](32fe1ec6-ddb3-feac-f18c-8683b054f639.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

A static property defining if the 'Rebar Constrained Placement' setting is on or off in current Revit Application Session.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 18.0.0.0 (18.2.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2014

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public static bool IsRebarConstrainedPlacementEnabled { get; set; } ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Shared Property IsRebarConstrainedPlacementEnabled As Boolean 	Get 	Set ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: static property bool IsRebarConstrainedPlacementEnabled { 	bool get (); 	void set (bool value); } ``` |

# Remarks

If user started multiple Revit sessions, and the 'Rebar Constrained Placement' setting might be different in each session. Revit.ini file stores the latest setting no matter what the Revit session is. The setting will be written to Revit.ini if user set the value. This property enables/disables constraints between standard style rebars. This constraint is similar to the standard-to-stirrup constraint in the following way : Distance to target cannot be edited. The constraint "snaps" the rebars together in a touching position. Rebars can be constrained under the following conditions :

* Rebars have standard style. (not stirrups)
* The segments must be touching. (partially overlapped)
* If the segments are perfectly overlapped (i.e segments have the same center line) then the constraint will not take place.
* Only one segment per rebar can be constrained.
* If one of the segments touches (intersects) more than one segment (or arc), then the constraint will not happen.
* The segments being constrained are parallel and the bending and segment planes are parallel.

# See Also

[RebarConstraintsManager Class](32fe1ec6-ddb3-feac-f18c-8683b054f639.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)