[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### SubTransaction Class

---



|  |
| --- |
| [Members](d4e5eaf0-84c4-f75a-eefc-858cd9052a39.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Sub-transactions are objects that provide control over a subset of changes in a document.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2011

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public class SubTransaction : IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Class SubTransaction _ 	Implements IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public ref class SubTransaction : IDisposable ``` |

# Remarks

A Sub-transaction can only be active as a part of an open transaction. Sub-transactions may be nested inside each other, but with the restriction that every nested sub-transaction is entirely contained (opened and closed) in the parent sub-transaction.

If a sub-transaction was started and not committed or rolled back by the time the SubTransaction object is about to be disposed, the destructor will roll back the sub-transaction automatically, thus all changes made to the document during the sub-transaction will be discarded. It is not recommended to rely on this default behavior though. Instead, it is advised to always call either  [Commit](65a0359a-ef13-e7aa-7d5c-7470fe177848.htm)  or  [RollBack](3de65ee0-50f1-c601-62f9-c77479b08418.htm)  explicitly before the sub-transaction object gets disposed. Please note that unless invoked explicitly the actual destruction of an object in managed code might not happen until the object is collected by the garbage collector.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

[System Object](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/e5kfa45b)    
  Autodesk.Revit.DB SubTransaction

# See Also

[SubTransaction Members](d4e5eaf0-84c4-f75a-eefc-858cd9052a39.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)