[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### CreateViaOffset Method (CurveLoop, IList(Double), XYZ)

---



|  |
| --- |
| [CurveLoop Class](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Creates a new curve loop that is an offset of the existing curve loop.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2019.1

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public static CurveLoop CreateViaOffset( 	CurveLoop original, 	IList<double> offsetDists, 	XYZ normal ) ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Shared Function CreateViaOffset ( _ 	original As CurveLoop, _ 	offsetDists As IList(Of Double), _ 	normal As XYZ _ ) As CurveLoop ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: static CurveLoop^ CreateViaOffset( 	CurveLoop^ original,  	IList<double>^ offsetDists,  	XYZ^ normal ) ``` |

#### Parameters

original
:   Type:  [Autodesk.Revit.DB CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)    
     The original curve loop.

offsetDists
:   Type:  System.Collections.Generic IList   Double    
     The signed offset distances for each curve. The size of this array must match the size of the curve loop. Curve at position i will be offset with offsetDists[i].

normal
:   Type:  [Autodesk.Revit.DB XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)    
     The normal of the offset plane.

#### Return Value

The offset curve loop.

# Remarks

For each curve i in the curve loop, the offset curve is theoretically defined by translating every point of the original curve by the vector offsetDist[i] \* (curveTan x normal) where curveTan is the curve's unit tangent vector at the given point. The curves are then trimmed to create a continuous curve loop. For a planar curve loop, this amounts to pushing each point "to the right" of the curve loop by the signed offset distance offsetDist, within the plane of the curve loop. The "right" side of the curve loop at a given point on the curve loop is defined with reference to normal being thought of as the upward direction and curveTan being thought of as the forward direction, as if you are walking along the curve loop. It follows that if offsetDist[i] is positive, points will be offset to the right of the curve loop, whereas if offsetDist[i] is negative, points will be offset to the left of the curve loop.

If the curve loop contains curves such as elliptical segments or splines, it is possible the offset creation will fail if Revit will not be able to trim contiguous curves to meet one another. If the offset is successful, offsets of those curve types will be created as HermiteSplines.

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm) | Thrown if the curve loop could not be offset. |

# See Also

[CurveLoop Class](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)

[CreateViaOffset Overload](6ed44704-a287-449d-0b42-4912b22c9db7.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)