[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### GetTransformedCenterlineCurves Method

---



|  |
| --- |
| [Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

A chain of curves representing the centerline of the rebar.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2022

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public IList<Curve> GetTransformedCenterlineCurves( 	bool adjustForSelfIntersection, 	bool suppressHooks, 	bool suppressBendRadius, 	MultiplanarOption multiplanarOption, 	int barPositionIndex ) ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Function GetTransformedCenterlineCurves ( _ 	adjustForSelfIntersection As Boolean, _ 	suppressHooks As Boolean, _ 	suppressBendRadius As Boolean, _ 	multiplanarOption As MultiplanarOption, _ 	barPositionIndex As Integer _ ) As IList(Of Curve) ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: IList<Curve^>^ GetTransformedCenterlineCurves( 	bool adjustForSelfIntersection,  	bool suppressHooks,  	bool suppressBendRadius,  	MultiplanarOption multiplanarOption,  	int barPositionIndex ) ``` |

#### Parameters

adjustForSelfIntersection
:   Type:  System Boolean    
     If the curves overlap, as in a planar stirrup, this parameter controls whether they should be adjusted to avoid intersection (as in fine views), or kept in a single plane for simplicity (as in coarse views).

suppressHooks
:   Type:  System Boolean    
     Identifies if the chain will include hooks curves.

suppressBendRadius
:   Type:  System Boolean    
     Identifies if the connected chain will include unfilleted curves.

multiplanarOption
:   Type:  [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure MultiplanarOption](37cc5a15-0771-41dd-4456-6820c7cef725.htm)    
     If the Rebar is a multi-planar shape, this parameter controls whether to generate only the curves in the primary plane (IncludeOnlyPlanarCurves), or to generate all curves, (IncludeAllMultiplanarCurves) including the out-of-plane connector segments as well as multi-planar copies of the primary plane curves. This argument is ignored for planar shapes.

barPositionIndex
:   Type:  System Int32    
     The bar index.

#### Return Value

The centerline curves or empty array if the curves cannot be computed because the parameters values are inconsistent with the constraints of the RebarShape definition.

# Remarks

This method will return the centerline curves for bar at barPositionIndex even if this bar isn't included. The curves are in the final position. The BarPositionTransform (representing the relative position of any individual bar in the set - a translation along the distribution path) and MovedBarTransform (representing the movement of the bar relative to its default position along the distribution path) will be applied to the returned curves.

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm) | barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ]. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration |

# See Also

[Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)