[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### PreviewFamilyVisibilityDefaultUncutState Property

---



|  |
| --- |
| [TemporaryViewModes Class](cf6ecc84-e459-55c5-a4d7-d88ae4033a23.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Controls the default type of the On state of the PreviewFamilyVisibility mode in cut-able views.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 16.0.0.0 (16.0.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2016 Subscription Update

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public static bool PreviewFamilyVisibilityDefaultUncutState { get; set; } ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Shared Property PreviewFamilyVisibilityDefaultUncutState As Boolean 	Get 	Set ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: static property bool PreviewFamilyVisibilityDefaultUncutState { 	bool get (); 	void set (bool value); } ``` |

#### Field Value

A Boolean value to control whether to use a non-cut preview in applicable views, such as floor and ceiling plan views.

# Remarks

Newly opened views which can have both Cut and Uncut preview will use this default cut/uncut state as long as the default On state is set to True. To control the default state of the PreviewFamilyVisibility in all views refer to the  [PreviewFamilyVisibilityDefaultOnState](295a6ae9-e3c0-795c-d025-fa52b47eea63.htm)  property.

The settings is applicable to the whole application rather than to individual family documents; the value persists between Revit sessions. Although the value is allowed to be set at any time, any changes made after the Revit application has been initialized will not have effect until the next session of Revit.

After a view is opened with the default family preview state applied, its PreviewFamilyVisibility mode may be independently modified through the  [PreviewFamilyVisibility](24f8dd9e-c6e5-7c61-84c6-4556f345e7d4.htm)  property. Once explicitly modified, the settings stays in effect for the respective view even after the view is closed and later reopened again.

# See Also

[TemporaryViewModes Class](cf6ecc84-e459-55c5-a4d7-d88ae4033a23.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)