[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### RouteAnalysisSettings Class

---



|  |
| --- |
| [Members](d35fb9d7-7316-a8af-2905-847921d5b7ef.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

RouteAnalysisSettings is an element which contains project-wide settings for route calculations. The  PathOfTravel  element uses these settings to calculate a route between two points in a plan view.

By default, the route will go around the geometry of all visible model elements which have model geometry in the Route Analysis Zone.

The Route Analysis Zone, determined per view, is the space between these two horizontal planes: a top plane vertically offset by  [AnalysisZoneTopOffset](9fe08a3f-976f-223b-6350-2e2565d9a16e.htm)  above the view's level and a bottom plane vertically offset by  [AnalysisZoneBottomOffset](81229c75-be84-5d5e-7d90-cb61e6d08018.htm)  ft above the view's level.

By default, the route will ignore the following elements:

* elements outside of the crop region of the view;
* elements without any model geometry (annotations or view-specific elements);
* model lines (category OST\_Lines);
* demolished elements;
* elements displayed in the underlay of the view.

There are a few ways to customize Route Analysis on a project-wide basis.

You can adjust the Route Analysis Zone using  [AnalysisZoneTopOffset](9fe08a3f-976f-223b-6350-2e2565d9a16e.htm)  and  [AnalysisZoneBottomOffset](81229c75-be84-5d5e-7d90-cb61e6d08018.htm)  .

You can specify a set of model categories you would like ignored during route calculation. To enable ignoring the set of specified categories, set  [EnableIgnoredCategoryIds](c146653a-ed81-ee52-7102-a6c2ad8a4d7c.htm)  to true. To change the set of ignored categories, use  SetIgnoredCategoryIds  method and  [IgnoreImports](e3ffa1dd-7e29-7607-7bb1-8851227978fc.htm)  and  IgnorePointClouds  properties. To query the set of ignored categories, use  [GetIgnoredCategoryIds](e4115866-1e15-9b46-d783-7fc5786e88c5.htm)  .

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 21.0.0.0 (21.1.1.109)   
  **Since:**  2020

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public class RouteAnalysisSettings : Element ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Class RouteAnalysisSettings _ 	Inherits Element ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public ref class RouteAnalysisSettings : public Element ``` |

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System Object    
  [Autodesk.Revit.DB Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.htm)    
  Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis RouteAnalysisSettings

# See Also

[RouteAnalysisSettings Members](d35fb9d7-7316-a8af-2905-847921d5b7ef.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)