[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### Accuracy Property

---



|  |
| --- |
| [FormatOptions Class](70f78207-1109-3906-8e67-cd27df1f0ae8.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

The accuracy to which values will be rounded.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2014

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public double Accuracy { get; set; } ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Property Accuracy As Double 	Get 	Set ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: property double Accuracy { 	double get (); 	void set (double value); } ``` |

#### Field Value

The accuracy. The default depends on the display unit.

# Remarks

Formatted values will be rounded to the nearest multiple of the accuracy value.

Accuracy is specified in display units, not in Revit's internal units.

For DUT\_GENERAL, the accuracy value is always 0.000001 and cannot be set to another value. DUT\_GENERAL is a special display unit that always rounds to six decimal places and suppresses trailing zeros, roughly equivalent to DUT\_FIXED with the accuracy set to 0.000001 and SuppressTrailingZeros set to true.

For other display units, a wide range of accuracy values may be specified. All values from 1.0e-12 to 1.0e12 will be accepted, but the specified value will be automatically adjusted to the nearest supported value if necessary. For best results, the accuracy value should be chosen to be compatible with the display unit:

* For most display units, the value is displayed as a decimal number, and the accuracy should typically be a power of 10, for example 1.0 to round to 0 decimal places or 0.001 to round to 3 decimal places. Other values can be used, for example 0.25 to round to the nearest 0.25 (displayed with 2 decimal places) or 2.0 to round to the nearest even integer (displayed with 0 decimal places). The specified accuracy will automatically be rounded to the nearest positive multiple of 1.0e-12.
* For DUT\_FRACTIONAL\_INCHES, DUT\_RISE\_OVER\_INCHES, and DUT\_RISE\_OVER\_120\_INCHES, the accuracy should typically be a power of 2, for example 0.25 to round to the nearest 1/4". Other values can be used, for example 6.0 to round to the nearest 6" or 1.5 to round to the nearest 1 1/2". For DUT\_FEET\_FRACTIONAL\_INCHES, DUT\_RISE\_OVER\_FOOT, and DUT\_RISE\_OVER\_10\_FEET, similar accuracy values can be used but they must be divided by 12 because the accuracy is specified in feet. The specified accuracy will automatically be rounded to the nearest positive multiple of 1/2^20 inches.
* For DUT\_DEGREES\_AND\_MINUTES, the accuracy should typically be a power of 10 divided by 3600 to round seconds to a specific number of decimal places, for example 1.0 / 3600.0 to round seconds to 0 decimal places or 0.01 / 3600.0 to round seconds to 2 decimal places. The specified accuracy will automatically be rounded to the nearest positive multiple of 1.0e-8 seconds.

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm) | When setting this property: accuracy is not a valid accuracy for the display unit in this FormatOptions. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm) | UseDefault is true in this FormatOptions. |

# See Also

[FormatOptions Class](70f78207-1109-3906-8e67-cd27df1f0ae8.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)