[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### TriangulatedSolidOrShell Class

---



|  |
| --- |
| [Members](7a7bb7d2-f442-ecef-5517-c16ea67d9fbe.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

This class represents a triangulated solid or shell.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2013

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public class TriangulatedSolidOrShell : IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Class TriangulatedSolidOrShell _ 	Implements IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public ref class TriangulatedSolidOrShell : IDisposable ``` |

# Remarks

The triangulation consists of a number of TriangulatedShellComponents. For a solid, there will be one TriangulatedShellComponent for each component of the solid's boundary. For example, a solid cube has just one boundary component (containing six faces), so there will be just one TriangulatedShellComponent. A solid consisting of two disjoint cubes has two boundary components (the boundaries of the two cubes), so there will be two TriangulatedShellComponents. A solid consisting of a sphere with a round void (or hole) inside it also has two boundary components (the outer sphere and the inner sphere), so there will be two TriangulatedShellComponents.

For a shell, there will be one TriangulatedShellComponent for each component of the shell.

Note that this class does not contain information on the containment structure of the boundary components of a solid.

Be careful not to confuse the components of a solid with the solid's boundary components. This class deals only with the boundary components.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

[System Object](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/e5kfa45b)    
  Autodesk.Revit.DB TriangulatedSolidOrShell

# See Also

[TriangulatedSolidOrShell Members](7a7bb7d2-f442-ecef-5517-c16ea67d9fbe.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)