[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### GetInstanceGeometry Method

---



|  |
| --- |
| [GeometryInstance Class](fe25b14f-5866-ca0f-a660-c157484c3a56.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Computes the geometric representation of the instance.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public GeometryElement GetInstanceGeometry() ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Function GetInstanceGeometry As GeometryElement ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: GeometryElement^ GetInstanceGeometry() ``` |

#### Return Value

An element which contains the computed geometry for the instance.

# Remarks

The geometry will be in the coordinate system of the model that owns this instance. The context of the instance object (such as effective material) will be applied to the symbol. Note that this method involves extensive parsing or Revit's data structures, so try to minimize calls if performance is critical. Geometry will be parsed with the same options as those used when this object was retrieved. This method returns a copy of the Revit geometry. It is suitable for use in a tool which extracts geometry to another format or carries out a geometric analysis; however, because it returns a copy the references found in the geometry objects contained in this element are not suitable for creating new Revit elements referencing the original element (for example, dimensioning). Only the geometry returned by GetSymbolGeometry() with no transform can be used for that purpose.

# See Also

[GeometryInstance Class](fe25b14f-5866-ca0f-a660-c157484c3a56.htm)

[GetInstanceGeometry Overload](78c57647-ef0f-2d9d-2e16-d221fd5255c2.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)