[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### RepeatingReferenceSource Class

---



|  |
| --- |
| [Members](517ee1d4-f174-6401-d8fc-59739e1c92f9.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Represents a collection of repeating references.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2014

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public class RepeatingReferenceSource : IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Class RepeatingReferenceSource _ 	Implements IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public ref class RepeatingReferenceSource : IDisposable ``` |

# Remarks

The RepeatingReferenceSource class is the building block for setting up component repeaters. Repeating references are arranged in zero, one or two dimensional arrays. The RepeatingReferenceSource class represents this array of references and provides access to individual repeating references.

Note that there may be gaps in the array (for example a repeating reference source formed by a divided surface with holes, or is non-rectangular surface.)

Repeating reference sources are a property of an element. Only point elements, divided paths and divided surface elements support repeating reference sources. These element respectively have 0, 1 and 2 dimensional repeating references. Use the HasRepeatingReferenceSource() method to query whether an element supports repeating reference sources and the GetDefaultRepeatingReferenceSource() method to obtain a repeating reference source from a given element.

See the  [ComponentRepeater](27dbc5bd-40e7-c044-11e6-7053adf92c6f.htm)  and  [ComponentRepeaterSlot](395d3527-1315-038e-8a47-80920f063cc6.htm)  classes for more information.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

[System Object](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/e5kfa45b)    
  Autodesk.Revit.DB RepeatingReferenceSource

# See Also

[RepeatingReferenceSource Members](517ee1d4-f174-6401-d8fc-59739e1c92f9.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)