[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### Longitude Property

---



|  |
| --- |
| [SiteLocation Class](9d71159d-514c-c1b3-8673-5c0e7f28b688.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

The longitude of the site location.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 18.0.0.0 (18.2.0.0)

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public double Longitude { get; set; } ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Property Longitude As Double 	Get 	Set ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: property double Longitude { 	double get (); 	void set (double value); } ``` |

#### Field Value

The longitude, in radians between -PI and PI. If the value is not between -PI and PI, it will be shifted by multiples of 2PI until it is in range.

# Remarks

A property that contains the longitude of the site location. The value of this property is in radians between +PI and -PI. If the given value is not between -PI and PI, it will be shifted by multiples of 2PI until it is in range.

When setting this property:

1. Revit will attempt to match the coordinates to a city it knows about, and if a match is found, will set the name accordingly.
2. Revit will attempt to automatically adjust the time zone value to match the new Longitude value set using  [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::SunAndShadowSettings::CalculateTimeZone]  . For some boundary cases, the time zone calculated may not be correct. You can set the  [TimeZone](6718329d-34ff-7d63-173a-c61905639807.htm)  property directly to the correct value if necessary.
3. Revit will attempt to automatically update the weather station associated with the coordinates.

# See Also

[SiteLocation Class](9d71159d-514c-c1b3-8673-5c0e7f28b688.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)