[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### Intersect Method (Curve, IntersectionResultArray)

---



|  |
| --- |
| [Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Calculates the intersection of this curve with the specified curve and returns the intersection results.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public SetComparisonResult Intersect( 	Curve curve, 	out IntersectionResultArray resultArray ) ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Function Intersect ( _ 	curve As Curve, _ 	<OutAttribute> ByRef resultArray As IntersectionResultArray _ ) As SetComparisonResult ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: SetComparisonResult Intersect( 	Curve^ curve,  	[OutAttribute] IntersectionResultArray^% resultArray ) ``` |

#### Parameters

curve
:   Type:  [Autodesk.Revit.DB Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)    
     The specified curve to intersect with this curve.

resultArray
:   Type:  [Autodesk.Revit.DB IntersectionResultArray](4742c1e8-0566-73c6-de42-04d98a503dfc.htm)   %    
     Provides more information about the intersection.

#### Return Value

* SetComparisonResult.Overlap - One or more intersections were encountered. The output argument has the details.
* SetComparisonResult.Subset - The inputs are parallel lines with only one common intersection point, or the curve used to invoke the intersection check is a line entirely within the unbound line passed as argument curve. If the former, the output argument has the details of the intersection point.
* SetComparisonResult.Superset - The input curve is entirely within the unbound line used to invoke the intersection check.
* SetComparisonResult.Disjoint - There is no intersection found between the two curves.
* SetComparisonResult.Equal - The two curves are identical.

# Remarks

The array of the intersection results contains one entry for each point where curves intersect. The following is the meaning of IntersectionResult members:

* XYZPoint is the evaluated intersection point
* UVPoint.U is the unnormalized parameter on this curve (use ComputeNormalizedParameter to compute the normalized value).
* UVPoint.V is the unnormalized parameter on the specified curve (use ComputeNormalizedParameter to compute the normalized value).

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm) | Thrown when the specified curve is    a null reference (  Nothing  in Visual Basic)  . |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm) | Thrown when failed to calculate the intersection. |

# See Also

[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)

[Intersect Overload](570fb842-cac3-83f5-1ab9-621e55186ead.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)