[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### Type Property

---



|  |
| --- |
| [EnergyAnalysisSurface Class](72ef40eb-20ae-d7ef-0ab5-8c52ddd4b813.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

The gbXML surface type attribute.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2012

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public gbXMLSurfaceType Type { get; } ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public ReadOnly Property Type As gbXMLSurfaceType 	Get ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: property gbXMLSurfaceType Type { 	gbXMLSurfaceType get (); } ``` |

# Remarks

The type of surface is figured out depending on the source element and the number of space adjacencies.

* If there is no associate source element and no space adjacencies, it will have a type of Shade. If there are any space adjacencies, it will have a type of Air.
* If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of ExteriorWall.
* If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of InteriorWall.
* If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and the type Function parameter is set to "Interior" or "CoreShaft", it will have a type of InteriorWall.
* If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have one space adjacency and if it is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundWall.
* If the source element is a Floor and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of SlabOnGrade. If the source element is above grade, it will have a type of RaisedFloor. If the source element is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundSlab.
* If the source element is a Floor and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of InteriorFloor.
* If the source element is a Floor and the type Function parameter is set to "Interior", it will have a type of InteriorFloor.
* If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of Roof.
* If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have one space adjacency and is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundCeiling.
* If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of Ceiling.

# See Also

[EnergyAnalysisSurface Class](72ef40eb-20ae-d7ef-0ab5-8c52ddd4b813.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)