[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### ScheduleDefinition Class

---



|  |
| --- |
| [Members](435e0f04-6cb4-c0f7-3ce7-61a6ad3cd7e6.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Settings that define the contents of a schedule.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)   
  **Since:**  2013

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public class ScheduleDefinition : IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Class ScheduleDefinition _ 	Implements IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public ref class ScheduleDefinition : IDisposable ``` |

# Remarks

The ScheduleDefinition class contains various settings that define the contents of a schedule view, including:

* The schedule's category and other basic properties that determine the type of schedule.
* A set of fields that become the columns of the schedule.
* Filters that restrict the set of elements visible in the schedule.
* Sorting and grouping criteria.

Most schedules contain a single ScheduleDefinition. In Revit MEP, schedules of certain categories can contain an "embedded schedule" containing elements associated with the elements in the primary schedule, for example a room schedule showing the elements inside each room or a duct system schedule showing the elements associated with each system. An embedded schedule has its own category, fields, filters, etc. Those settings are stored in a second ScheduleDefinition object.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

[System Object](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/e5kfa45b)    
  Autodesk.Revit.DB ScheduleDefinition

# See Also

[ScheduleDefinition Members](435e0f04-6cb4-c0f7-3ce7-61a6ad3cd7e6.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)