[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### RebarHostData Class

---



|  |
| --- |
| [Members](ae82ed13-a781-0e4f-e218-16abc2da188d.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Interface to rebar-specific data stored in each valid rebar host element.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 2015.0.0.0 (2015.0.0.0)

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public class RebarHostData : IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Class RebarHostData _ 	Implements IDisposable ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public ref class RebarHostData : IDisposable ``` |

# Remarks

Rebar host elements keep track of the "exposed faces," those that are not completely concealed by another rebar host. Faces may be concealed by joins; for instance, the top face of a beam that supports a slab is concealed. Faces can also be concealed by adjacency; for instance, the bottom face of a column that is supported by a foundation. Each exposed face of a rebar host must have a valid CoverType associated with it.

Rebar hosts also have cover parameters, providing a limited interface to the  [GetCoverType](4d952f72-42b5-88f1-0788-7e64ff6589bb.htm)  and  [SetCoverType](58674efc-3bf7-d999-78c8-3a490bb601f0.htm)  methods. Each parameter simply gets or sets the cover setting associated with one or more particular faces of the host.

* CLEAR\_COVER\_EXTERIOR (walls only)
* CLEAR\_COVER\_INTERIOR (walls only)
* CLEAR\_COVER\_OTHER (all hosts except in-place families and stairs)
* CLEAR\_COVER (in-place families and stairs)
* CLEAR\_COVER\_TOP (all hosts except walls, in-place families, and stairs)
* CLEAR\_COVER\_BOTTOM (all hosts except walls, in-place families, and stairs)

# Inheritance Hierarchy

[System Object](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/e5kfa45b)    
  Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure RebarHostData

# See Also

[RebarHostData Members](ae82ed13-a781-0e4f-e218-16abc2da188d.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)