[✨ Located in SF Bay Area or LA? Get free Revit AI automation consulting from YC-backed AI engineers →](https://archilabs.ai/ca-revit-ai-pilot)



#### GetElementFilter Method

---



|  |
| --- |
| [ParameterFilterElement Class](b231dc85-516a-5e75-c634-c6cd81b43fc5.htm)   [See Also](#seeAlsoToggle) |

Returns an ElementFilter representing the combination of rules used by this filter.

**Namespace:**   [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)    
  **Assembly:**   RevitAPI  (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 21.0.0.0 (21.1.1.109)   
  **Since:**  2019

# Syntax

| C# |
| --- |
| ``` public ElementFilter GetElementFilter() ``` |

 

| Visual Basic |
| --- |
| ``` Public Function GetElementFilter As ElementFilter ``` |

 

| Visual C++ |
| --- |
| ``` public: ElementFilter^ GetElementFilter() ``` |

#### Return Value

An ElementFilter representing the rules. It may be an ElementParameterFilter representing a conjunction of one or more FilterRules, or an ElementLogicalFilter (of type LogicalAndFilter or LogicalOrFilter) representing a logical combination of FilterRules, using AND/OR operations.

# Remarks

May return    a null reference (  Nothing  in Visual Basic)  when no rules are sprcified in ParameterFilterElement, only categories. Note that in some situation, calling GetElementFilter after calling SetElementFilter may return an ElementFilter that is structurally different from the one passed as input to SetElementFilter. For example, if the input ElementFilter contains an ElementParameterFilter that contains more than one FilterRule, and if the view filters dialog box is used in between the calls to SetElementFilter and GetElementFilter, the output ElementFilter will use a single ElementParameterFilter for each of the FilterRules that were bundled in an input ElementParameterFilter. The two ElementFilters will be logically and functionally equivalent in the sense that any given Element will either be accepted by both ElementFilters or rejected by both ElementFilters.

# See Also

[ParameterFilterElement Class](b231dc85-516a-5e75-c634-c6cd81b43fc5.htm)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)